Hello, this is Jose Marcelino Ortiz and
my favorite number is 10 because it gives me
a feeling that things are
complete my name is from my number
favorite since 10 because that day
an important person came into my life
or the one of I am varies the castle my
favorite number is 13 million 491
thousand 631 but I like to tell you
13 49 16 31 and the reason is because it's a
number that is like wrapped between two
cousins 13 and 31
very favorite numbers on 8 because a
bumped he told me that in cultures
oriental means infinity
my favorite number is 24 because it's my
birthday and because when you take your
updates in prime numbers all
both cubed by 2 and I like that
come out like this
this submarine this I am an Olympian
Mathematician of Mexicalli and I want
say that my favorite number is the j
this many know the i like the magazine
minus one but if you approach by the
straight of the imaginary numbers the j is
a number that multiplied by itself
it's 1 but it's not 1
so I like it because I do not understand it
because 13 is the number 6 cousin that is
the day of my birthday the 31 is the
number 11 cousin that I also like
a lot and in the middle he has 4,916 which is 2 to
square 3 squared and 4 squared and
also if you add 916 you can give 25 that
it's built hi my name is
martian phil collins and my number
favorite is the epsilon because I like it
more than the beta bio hello my name is
max and my favorite number is 2 because
is the only prime number that is part and
they also have a 49 out there that 7 to
square then this number that has
many properties and it is not as well known
then you want to investigate it
you can search and find a jet of
fun things